[MINOR][PAY-2015] update the docs regarding the new reimbursement apis (#207)
FidelLimited/docs: reimbursement.md

```sh
curl -X POST \

>   https://api.fidel.uk/v1/reimbursement \

Reviewer: we want to keep the old structure here

> {

Reviewer: line 180 still refers to a reimbursement token

```sh
curl -X POST \

>   https://api.fidel.uk/v1/transactions/{transactionId}reimbursement \

Reviewer 2: I think we're missing a `/` 😁

Author: thank you, good catch fixed here: https://github.com/FidelLimited/docs/pull/207/commits/44b7b13e5b6ec37498a3fe1b50d938b2730e570c

  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'Fidel-Key: <KEY>' \
  -d '{
    "amount": 2.55,

>     "description": "Earned Stars",

Reviewer 3: Any reason for this change?

Reviewer: It can't have the comma here actually

  }'
```

> After the reimbursement request is received by the card scheme, the full transaction is returned with the newly created `id`, representing the unique identifier for that reimbursement request.

Reviewer 3: It says it returns the full transaction, but it should be only the id.

```suggestion
After the reimbursement request is received by the card scheme, the newly created `id` is returned, representing the unique identifier for that reimbursement request.
```

### Status

> Find the reimbursement status in the reimbursement's `status` property:

Reviewer 3: Small one, but I'd say we can refactor this, now that it's much simpler to find.

```suggestion
The `status` property represents the possible reimbursement status as:
```

}
```

> The endpoint would then respond with unique identifier for the reimbursement that will be created for the most suitable transaction on the card.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The endpoint would then respond with the unique identifier for the reimbursement that will be created for the most suitable transaction on the card.
```
